This show is brought to you by my friends at Alliance & Trust. In wild times like these, you need more than financial product salespeople. You need a firm that looks at the entirety of your life
of your life and helps you with strategies that coordinate all disciplines of good stewardship so you can manage wisely what God has given you and thrive in these times of chaos and confusion.
Have a team that acts as consultants in the business of you. Let Alliance & Trust help you plan for what's next. To learn more and get your free copy of Alliance & Trust's book,
book on financial stewardship, wisdom before wealth, visit friendofbrice.com or call 805-371-8020.
Thank you. Welcome to the Bryce Eddy Show, where we are really working hard to be a threat to the Great Reset. We are making progress, and I think we are winning this thing. And the reason we...
reason we are winning this thing is because there are revivals that are happening. I'm convinced here in this country and one of the captains of one of the
100% of those revivals, it's coming up soon here, is Pastor Dave Scarlett. I've had him on the show before from His Glory, and he's joining us.
joining us today to talk about revival in general, but also revival.
to talk about their event that is coming up here and ah welcome to the show pastor dave.
Hey, Bryce, thank you for having me back.
Or a
What a pleasure.
Yeah, yeah. No. So I'm excited about what you guys are doing. You know, part of the reason why I wanted to have you on obviously is to promote that, but also to just
to just talk about what we're seeing happening right now kind of organically across the country. I mean, God's hand is at work.
Um, And I know you guys are doing a lot, but on April 1st, you've got this event and I wanted to get the word out there because there are a lot of friends of mine that are participating in this, including our veterans.
Being our very own pastor, Rob McCoy. Yeah.
Yes. So tell us about this event, and let's hit this thing hard. Yeah.
well as we said before we went we ah turned the cameras on with you this is our first broadcast from our studio in texas.
So we're putting things together as we speak here in Texas, but
April 1st will be a pet revival.
In Mount Pleasant, Texas, and it's going to be a great revival so people can get the tickets and
see us there, rob mccoy will be there and many, many others. it'll be a great event.
Yeah. Yeah, well, you know, like I said, a lot of friends. You've got Nick Searcy, who we know and love, and was here, I think, last Sunday or the Sunday before here at ARC.
here at our church, and Chris Burgard, who's also a good friend of our ministry, and a bunch of others that I've heard speak here.
So any highlights you want to talk about or anything you're looking forward to at this event? Yeah.
oh it's just an an event that we are just going to invite the holy spirit to come down and be the star of the show.
Yes, we'll have the Nick Cersei's and the Chris Burgards of the world, but it's all about Jesus.
the father the son and the holy spirit and we're just going to invite him in
Soak him in and glorify his name. And that's what it's all about. That's what we want to bring.
Not only to Texas, the second event, but all 48 other states after this event in Texas.
That's great. Well, last time you were on our show and we'll um, ah, link to it. You talked a little bit about the his glory ministry and and kind of how you came to to be, which really?
Uh, it was a little bit of the silver lining during the lockdowns as ministries like yours boomed because people were adrift and, you know, churches were shut down and, uh,
And And you created this what's become a really massive platform. You know, hit the high notes of how many people you guys are reaching right now.
right now because I think that's so impressive.
We're not quite sure. We know it's north of 20 million, probably closer to 25 million.
We're in every country, the world, and growing.
ah before the lockdown we were we were pretty big in ah around the world but the united states was the last of of the countries to really catch on and.
Since covid 2000, probably 2018, 2000, probably 2019.
i started to take off in the united states and now it's ah we're we're fairly large in the united states but.
our audience goes ah everywhere. we're a huge canadian ah ah audience.
uh united kingdom. uh i just did a program in italy which was the second most watched program in all of italy.
Ah, so the reach is in in every country, and all glory to God.
Amen. Praise God.
Yeah. So is there anybody on the list of speakers that you think people will be surprised by or, you know, anybody that you've been impressed with that, you know, maybe hasn't been impressed?
And, you know, reaching a broad audience. But, yeah.
So, you know, should we should take note of? Yeah.
Well, it's going to be a unique cast of people that are fighting the patriot movement, somebody like a Scott Mckay and a Derek Johnson.
I think you're going to hear Derek Johnson's testimony of how he
Got closer to the lord which is very touching
And then you're going to have pastors there. Obviously, Pastor Rob McCoy will be there. I'll be there. And Pastor Todd Coconato will be there.
i think it's a wonderful blend. you got a little bit of the old hollywood.
uh with chris bergard and nick cersei um doctor sherwood a dear friend of mine uh is gonna be here.
What we're trying to do here in Texas, I'm in
This city, Pittsburgh, Texas today because of Chris Burghardt, he talked me into moving to Texas and.
What Chris and I would love to see out of this location here in Texas is to create a holy wood.
Change everything and bring
Get rid of the hollywood and bring a holy wood with movies content ev
to the great state of Texas so that we can reach the world.
Amen. Yeah, well, so many others right now, I think, are aligned with you in working to supplant Hollywood as really the major...
major educational force in our country, which they've really kind of become. And, you know, the entertainment that they're putting out is so destructive to our values and our way of life.
I, you know, we need others to step up and, and thankfully between what I know you're doing and others like the daily wire and, you know, even Prager you,
or you when it comes to what they're doing with kids programming now, you know, all of this stuff is really getting great traction and it's, and they're starting to make things
25 things and make entertainment that people really want to watch, not just things that people want to want to watch. So the quality is really coming up and amazing.
And I'm really appreciating because so many creatives from Hollywood are
who had been kind of underground.
For so many years, just, you know, surviving by, you know, keeping their values to themselves have left.
and are now you know going in and making you know good quality value based stuff that still entertaining so it's exciting.
that's key you know i i know a lot of people that have created movies in hollywood and now want to do christian content and.
ah you know some of the content not necessarily being outwardly christian antonio sabato jr.
Was on his glory, I think last week.
And what now we need to do is bring that kingdom together and bring the resources together and work together to create this content instead of just having these silos that are trying to do
trying to do it themselves.
I think if we all pitch in together, we can make a huge, huge difference.
Yeah, um, I, and I think that's great because they, um,
So to your point, I'm going to...
Although I love that people are producing Christian films, we just also need to be producing films that are just not anti-Christian. And there's a big difference.
A big difference. Rainn Wilson, who was famous for his work in the office, said,
Uh, just the other day said that when he was watching, um, um,
Uh, the last of us, which is an HBO show as soon as the, um, uh,
ah one of the the ah major characters in the show started spouting the the um bible. he knew that the guy was going to be an evil character.
And that's what Hollywood does, and that's the shame that they...
you know, tried to bring upon us. And so we need to be producing things that are great, that are entertaining, but again, just not anti-Christian because
Because there's a lot of room for that. It doesn't have to be an expressly Christian film. It just needs to not be trying to destroy everything that's Christian.
that's exactly right that's exactly what antonio sabato jr he's got a new i can't remember the name of the film.
But it's coming out relatively soon. Getting content out there that's going to get people that may not be Christians,
To dig deeper to find out our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ without being
Just a Christian film. So yes, I agree with you and.
There's a lot of a lot of fishing to be had.
And it's time to go fishing for for souls, for Jesus.
Yeah. So one of the things in the event that I like and, and, uh,
So what I wanted to highlight is you guys are offering discounted tickets to anyone who's young, basically anyone under 30, which, you know, now that I'm getting 30,
I'm getting to be an old guy. That sounds very young to me. But I love that you're gearing it to bring people
You know, young audience in there. And I think that that's a valuable message that you're putting out.
yeah we unfortunately we had to put five dollars on those tickets because we were.
You know you're doing something good. the evil is always trying to infiltrate. we, we found out that it was two hundred and twenty people.
Trying to get into this, uh,
This event to disrupt it. So we had to
Make a change so that we could track people that were actually buying tickets for real people instead of setting us up. So,
That's why we had to make the change.
Yeah, well, as you know, they did that to Trump in 2020 at one of his rallies. They infiltrated it, bought a bunch of tickets and
It blocked a bunch of things, reserved a bunch of tickets, canceled things just to try to embarrass him and keep other people from getting into the event.
event.
Um, So yeah, so that's, that's wise. Um, is security a concern for you guys?
Now we have God, God, and we have the the tightest sheriff department and in tightest, there's going to be lots of tightest sheriff, but I love the Lord and they'll be.
Be there guiding people through and um no and that when god's in control
You know, we've had talks of Antifa trying to come up, but,
I think when they see a bunch of former military there, they'll back down real quick.
Yeah, yeah, it's not exactly the audience they want to tangle with, so that's good.
Especially in Texas.
yeah so uh before we uh plug the details of the event um I would love to just get your comments on uh what you're seeing around the country
a country right now. I think there's a great cause for us to be hopeful with respect to some of the revivals that are happening around the country, some of the energy that's happening.
It's happening spiritually. I think we should take note of that. What are you observing? What thoughts do you have?
yeah that's ah that's a good point we're seeing ah pockets of revival ah popping up but.
We're not going to have full blown revival until this whole nation repents.
And gets down on her knees and asks for forgiveness, and and change from our wicked ways, as Second Chronicles tells us to do.
And I think you're starting to see that we started a twenty one day fast today.
up until resurrection Sunday.
And the purpose of that is to get closer to Christ, repent of our sins, seek his face and let him be the guiding host. When that happens, it's not if, when we the people do that,
You're gonna see it take off.
All over the country and all over the world. So.
these tent revivals are not just going to be in the united states of america.
We've been asked to come to multiple countries and.
As soon as we're done with the 50 states, we're
Canada, probably first, and then Auschwitz, and then Israel, and.
than the world.
Amen. Amen.
Well, so again, it's April 1st. Mount Pleasant, Texas. You guys are holding this from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Uh, gosh, you got a dozen amazing speakers and, um, you know, tickets are $20, uh, donation, anyone under 30 years old.
And then you have a VIP ticket for $100, which includes some reserved seats and some VIP stuff that I'm sure people enjoy. Yeah.
Enjoy.
Yeah, the the whole purpose of the vip is not to make anybody a very important person. there's only one important person that's going to be there, and that's.
The son of god
who came down as a man and died on the cross for us.
it's a way for people to pay it forward.
because these events are very costly and people have it on their heart that they say, hey, I don't want anything from this.
But I know it's expensive to do these tent revivals, and we want you to go to every state.
And that's what we're selling.
ah as many almost as many v i p tickets as we are regular tickets.
Amen. Well, I think people want to bless these events. So that's really terrific. Yeah, well, for people of our audience who are interested, and we'll put the link out there, 1-800-439-5732.
Um, you go to, uh, his glory.me forward slash revivals. Again, his glory.me forward slash revival.
revivals, and that's where you can get tickets to attend the events. And I look forward to you coming on to the front lines of California and doing one here. Yeah.
oh we we got so much ah his glory followers in california is like our second home every time we get to california so.
last time we were in california i think we baptized.
Almost five hundred people in the Pacific Ocean in San Clemente.
Amen. Amen. Well, that's awesome. Well, anything else that you want to say to our audience before we let you go and get back to the good work?
yeah yeah just tell the audience you know that god has it light wins stay you know stand in the gap do not back down.
It's going to get darker before we get the light, but Christ has won this battle.
And now is a moment in time that he's he's pulling on his remnant to step forward and.
Join in so that we can repent
and see this great eagle nation back to its status in god leading us in all things.
Praise God. Praise God. Well, hey, thank you so much, Pastor Dave. Appreciate you. And, you know, good luck with this event. I know it's going to be outstanding.
outstanding.
Thank you so much. thanks for having me. God bless. All right. All right. God bless. take care.
Thank you for watching or listening to this episode of the Bryce Eddy show. Hey, we need your help. We have a special call to action. Please subscribe to our new Rumble channel.
Old Channel, The Bryce Eddy Show. If you've been consuming this on our church website or church channel, go ahead and subscribe to us on Rumble.
We need to build those numbers there for that new dedicated channel for your convenience we have a link in the description below